README.md, before:

# Nexus to Pothos codemod

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/nexus-to-pothos-codemod.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nexus-to-pothos-codemod)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/villesau/nexus-to-pothos-codemod/blob/master/README.md#Contributing)

This is a codemod to migrate from [Nexus](https://nexusjs.org/) to [Pothos](https://pothos-graphql.dev/)

This aims to transform all the nexus types, queries and mutations to Pothos equivalents. Please note that
the codemod is by no means complete. You still need some manual adjustments. Below is a list of known missing features.

You can check out the [`__textfixtures__`](https://github.com/villesau/nexus-to-pothos-codemod/tree/master/__testfixtures__) folder to see full list of supported transformations.

## Why should I migrate to use Pothos?

- Pothos has superior type safety
- Pothos does not require you to generate types which makes type feedback much much faster
- Pothos is actively maintained

## Install

```bash
$ yarn global add nexus-to-pothos-codemod
```

or

```bash
$ npm install -g nexus-to-pothos-codemod
```

## Usage

```bash
$ nexus-to-pothos-codemod ./**/*.ts --ignore-pattern="**/node_modules/**" --parser=ts
```

The CLI is the same as in [jscodeshift](https://github.com/facebook/jscodeshift)
except you can omit the transform file.

Alternatively, you can run the codemod using jscodeshift as follows:

```bash
$ yarn global add jscodeshift
$ yarn add nexus-to-pothos-codemod
$ jscodeshift -t node_modules/nexus-to-pothos-codemod/transform.ts --ignore-pattern="**/node_modules/**" ./**/*.js  --parser=ts
```

## Migrating the codebase

The codemod might not be 100% accurate. You will need to do some manual adjustments. Might be good to compare
the generated GraphQL schema with the old one to see if there are any differences.

## What is missing?

- Automatic import updates
- It assumes some conventions such as `async nodes((_, args, ctx) {}` instead of `nodes: async ((_, args, ctx) => {}` which causes exceptions
- Does not understand computed fields such as:

    ```
  export const Object = objectType({
    name: 'Object',
    definition(t) {
      objectFields.forEach(objectField => t.string(objectField));
    }
  });
  ```
- Might fail on complex types


## Contributing

Contributions are more than welcome!

Commit message:

mention useful tools for developing the codemod further

README.md, after:

# Nexus to Pothos codemod

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/nexus-to-pothos-codemod.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nexus-to-pothos-codemod)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/villesau/nexus-to-pothos-codemod/blob/master/README.md#Contributing)

This is a codemod to migrate from [Nexus](https://nexusjs.org/) to [Pothos](https://pothos-graphql.dev/)

This aims to transform all the nexus types, queries and mutations to Pothos equivalents. Please note that
the codemod is by no means complete. You still need some manual adjustments. Below is a list of known missing features.

You can check out the [`__textfixtures__`](https://github.com/villesau/nexus-to-pothos-codemod/tree/master/__testfixtures__) folder to see full list of supported transformations.

## Why should I migrate to use Pothos?

- Pothos has superior type safety
- Pothos does not require you to generate types which makes type feedback much much faster
- Pothos is actively maintained

## Install

```bash
$ yarn global add nexus-to-pothos-codemod
```

or

```bash
$ npm install -g nexus-to-pothos-codemod
```

## Usage

```bash
$ nexus-to-pothos-codemod ./**/*.ts --ignore-pattern="**/node_modules/**" --parser=ts
```

The CLI is the same as in [jscodeshift](https://github.com/facebook/jscodeshift)
except you can omit the transform file.

Alternatively, you can run the codemod using jscodeshift as follows:

```bash
$ yarn global add jscodeshift
$ yarn add nexus-to-pothos-codemod
$ jscodeshift -t node_modules/nexus-to-pothos-codemod/transform.ts --ignore-pattern="**/node_modules/**" ./**/*.js  --parser=ts
```

## Migrating the codebase

The codemod might not be 100% accurate. You will need to do some manual adjustments. Might be good to compare
the generated GraphQL schema with the old one to see if there are any differences.

## What is missing?

- Automatic import updates
- It assumes some conventions such as `async nodes((_, args, ctx) {}` instead of `nodes: async ((_, args, ctx) => {}` which causes exceptions
- Does not understand computed fields such as:

    ```
  export const Object = objectType({
    name: 'Object',
    definition(t) {
      objectFields.forEach(objectField => t.string(objectField));
    }
  });
  ```
- Might fail on complex types


## Contributing

Contributions are more than welcome! Some useful tools for developing this are https://astexplorer.net/ and your editors builtin debugger.
